Well, some people
He won't even know how he died later
Hey, will my husband be very bloody later?
People like it
Do you really believe the words of this bragging spring woman?
Really not afraid of death
I'm on vacation, and even that day, I'm not afraid for a day. I'm not afraid anymore
But you offended this big shot
Aren't you afraid that you won't even be able to cover this store in the end?
If he's really a big shot
Sweep this store
This is what you said.
Who is so bold
Dare to touch my daughter
The daughter-in-law of the Liu family also dares to hit
Really courting death
Hmm dad
It's this guy who made him work on his own
I don't care about you and Uncle Wang at all
That's right, you've been reluctant to touch a finger of mine since I was a child
I have to teach him a good lesson today
Otherwise, he will send me to Nanyang to make chicken.
Youth has no place for you anymore
Why don't you kneel down and accept the judgment of fate?
Judgment of Fate
Patriarch Yaoyao, you are so majestic
Really not afraid of fat
How dare you speak out in front of my father and Uncle Wang?
The security guard ripped his mouth off for me
This inverse